Add docs (#1)
IntuitiveWebSolutions/gen3-template: tests/integration/support/README.md

## Incorporating constants and utilities into your tests

### [`constants.js`](./constants.js)

#### `testId` constants

`testId` constants are defined in this file. These constants should be used inside the Vue components in conjunction with `v-test-id` directive as well as in the tests with `testElementGetters` so there's a single source of truth for referring to `testId`s.

##### `testId` naming and placement convention

> The `testId`s should follow the same convention as the component names, but on the co

Author: Wasn't supposed to be there, looks like I forgot to delete it.

This object could grow long very fast and so it is recommended that all the `testId`s are placed in alphabetical order of their prefix and a new line be used between elements of different prefixes.

##### Usage inside Vue components with `v-test-id`

`constants.js`

```js
export const testIds = Object.freeze({
  AH_DONE_BUTTON: 'AH-done-btn'
})
```

`ARAccountHistory.vue`
```vue
<template>
  <el-button v-test-id="$testIds.AH_DONE_BUTTON">
    Done
  </el-button>
</template>
```

`account-history.spec.js`
```js
const { AH_DONE_BUTTON } = Cypress.env('testElementGetters')

describe('Account History', () => {
  it('works', () => {
    AH_DONE_BUTTON().should('be.visible')
  })
})
```

#### `elements` constants

`elements` constants are defined in this file. These constants are used to refer to common Design System elements to which we can't attach `testId`s. These constants should be used in the tests with `testElementGetters` the same way `testId` constants are used.

Check out [`demo-dialog.spec.js`](../specs/PolicyHeader/demo-dialog.spec.js) and the respective component to see how this in action.

#### `entity` constants

> In some cases, you might want to compare the displayed value against an HTML entity but Cypress doesn't support this out of the box. To get around that, we have created `entity` constants. You can compare the displayed value against a constant in this object.

Reviewer: What is an HTML Entity? Can we come up with a more descriptive term? Or offer some examples immediately after expressing the term?

Author: I'll do you one better.

>[HTML Entity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Entity)

😆

Reviewer: You're funny.

```suggestion
In some cases, you might want to compare the displayed value against an HTML entity. An HTML Entity are strings that begin with an `&` and end with a `;`. Cypress doesn't support, this type of comparison out of the box. To get around that, we have created `entity` constants. You can compare the displayed value against a constant in this object.
```

> To add new keys to this object, copy the rendered entity from the browser and paste it there with an appropriate name. Many rendered entities like `&ndash;` look very similar to characters on the keyboard (hyphen character "-" in this case). Make sure to not change any values here using keyboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add new keys to this object, copy the rendered entity from the browser and paste it there with an appropriate name. Many rendered entities like `&ndash;` look very similar to characters on the keyboard (hyphen character "-" in this case). Make sure to not change any values here using the keyboard.
```

##### Usage

```js
SOME_ELEMENT().should('contain', entity.NDASH)
```

### [`utils.js`](./utils.js)

For defining helpers to aid with writing tests. Some of the helpers that file exposes are listed below.

**`stubPageLoad`** - Initial page load logic can be defined here to avoid repeating it in your tests. Check out the function's JSDoc string to learn more about the parameters and the implementation. Implementation can be modified based on the project requirements.

> **`mockNextResponse`** - As the name suggests, this utility function can be used to mock the next response in your tests.

Reviewer: Do we explain our fixture philosophy anywhere? If so, this is a good place to link to that explanation.

Author: As I mention in the PR description, that document hasn't been done yet, but it exists. So I'll link that here.

Reviewer: Have you updated this? If not, I'll put it up in a PR. I want to merge this so we can start working on it collaboratively.
